Update README; Add issue templates (#203)
nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway: README.md

NGINX Kubernetes Gateway is an open-source project that provides an implementation of the [Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) using [NGINX](https://nginx.org/) as the data plane. The goal of this project is to implement the core Gateway APIs -- `Gateway`, `GatewayClass`, `HTTPRoute`, `TCPRoute`, `TLSRoute`, and `UDPRoute` -- to configure an HTTP or TCP/UDP load balancer, reverse-proxy, or API gateway for applications running on Kubernetes. NGINX Kubernetes Gateway is currently under development and supports a subset of the Gateway API.

> Warning: This project is actively in development (beta feature state) and should not be deployed in a production environment.
> All APIs, SDKs, designs, and packages are subject to change.

## Getting Started

1. [Quick Start on a kind cluster](docs/running-on-kind.md).
2. [Build](docs/building-the-image.md) the NGINX Kubernetes Gateway container image.
3. [Install](docs/installation.md) NGINX Kubernetes Gateway.
4. Deploy various [examples](examples). 

> 

Reviewer: I wonder how we can help people to ensure they don't use main branch docs and examples for a release like v0.1.0. One way to do it is something similar to https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/blob/v1.5.0/README.md#nginx-ingress-controller-releases .  However, perhaps we can have something simpler, like a note here.

Author: I like being consistent with NIC whenever possible. I'll add a table for releases and link the examples, docs, and manifests there.

Author: Updated, let me know what you think.

I'm a little unsure about the release descriptions.

Reviewer: looks good! 👍

## Technical Specifications

The following table lists the software versions NGINX Kubernetes Gateway supports.

| NGINX Kubernetes Gateway | Gateway API | Kubernetes | NGINX OSS |
|-|-|-|-|
| 0.1.0 | 0.5.0 | 1.16+ | 1.21.3|

## Contacts

> We’d like to hear your feedback! If you have any suggestions or experience issues with our Gateway Controller, please create an issue or send a pull request on GitHub. You can contact us directly via kubernetes@nginx.com or on the [NGINX Community Slack](https://nginxcommunity.slack.com/channels/nginx-kubernetes-gateway).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’d like to hear your feedback! If you have any suggestions or experience issues with our Gateway Controller, please create an issue or send a pull request on GitHub. You can contact us directly via kubernetes@nginx.com or on the [NGINX Community Slack](https://nginxcommunity.slack.com/channels/nginx-kubernetes-gateway) in the `#nginx-kubernetes-gateway` channel.
```

Unfortunately that slack workspace doesn't give you an option to register and if you don't have an account you won't be able to auto-join the channel with the link, so I got a suggestion to add the channel name in the docs so people know where that link points to. (I still need to update KIC 😬)

NGINX Kubernetes Gateway is an open-source project that provides an implementation of the [Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) using [NGINX](https://nginx.org/) as the data plane. The goal of this project is to implement the core Gateway APIs -- `Gateway`, `GatewayClass`, `HTTPRoute`, `TCPRoute`, `TLSRoute`, and `UDPRoute` -- to configure an HTTP or TCP/UDP load balancer, reverse-proxy, or API gateway for applications running on Kubernetes. NGINX Kubernetes Gateway is currently under development and supports a subset of the Gateway API.

> Warning: This project is actively in development (beta feature state) and should not be deployed in a production environment.
> All APIs, SDKs, designs, and packages are subject to change.

## Getting Started

1. [Quick Start on a kind cluster](docs/running-on-kind.md).

> 2. [Build](docs/building-the-image.md) the NGINX Kubernetes Gateway container image.

Reviewer 2: sorry just noticed this, should we add a note that the build step can be skipped if they use the docker image from ghcr.io?

Author: Good callout. 

I changed up the link order and the build description. Let me know what you think

NGINX Kubernetes Gateway is an open-source project that provides an implementation of the [Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) using [NGINX](https://nginx.org/) as the data plane. The goal of this project is to implement the core Gateway APIs -- `Gateway`, `GatewayClass`, `HTTPRoute`, `TCPRoute`, `TLSRoute`, and `UDPRoute` -- to configure an HTTP or TCP/UDP load balancer, reverse-proxy, or API gateway for applications running on Kubernetes. NGINX Kubernetes Gateway is currently under development and supports a subset of the Gateway API.

For a list of supported Gateway API resources and features, see the [Gateway API Compatibility](docs/gateway-api-compatibility.md.md) doc.

> Warning: This project is actively in development (beta feature state) and should not be deployed in a production environment.
> All APIs, SDKs, designs, and packages are subject to change.

## Getting Started

1. [Quick Start on a kind cluster](docs/running-on-kind.md).
2. [Install](docs/installation.md) NGINX Kubernetes Gateway.

> 3. [Build](docs/building-the-image.md) a custom NGINX Kubernetes Gateway container image from source.

Reviewer 2: I think you only wanted to keep the second "build"? and remove this line?

Author: Yep, I'll fix it

>     > Note: NGINX Kubernetes Gateway container images are also available on [GitHub Container Registry].(https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway/pkgs/container/nginx-kubernetes-gateway)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Build](docs/building-the-image.md) an NGINX Kubernetes Gateway container image from source or use a pre-built image available on [GitHub Container Registry](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway/pkgs/container/nginx-kubernetes-gateway)
```

Rewording + fixing the link to ghcr

Preview:
3. [Build](docs/building-the-image.md) an NGINX Kubernetes Gateway container image from source or use a pre-built image available on [GitHub Container Registry](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway/pkgs/container/nginx-kubernetes-gateway)
